Add to website:


Thomisa Tudor, Family Pride Assistant

Thomisa joined Richmond Baking in June 2014 as a Human Resources Intern. She officially joined the Richmond Baking family as Family Pride Assistant in September 2014. Thomisa earned a Bachelor’s degree in Communication Studies and Spanish minor from Indiana University East. Her professional background is within customer service and food service industries.

Thomisa has volunteered as an ESL (English as a Second Language) tutor through Amigos Latino Center. She also has served on the Indiana University East Alumni Association Board and is a member of Eastern Indiana Human Resources Association.


Chad Bond, Waste Eliminator/Safe Family Manager

Chad joined the Richmond Baking Family as Waste Eliminator/Safe Family Manager in May of 2014. Chad is excited to be a part of the team that helps provide a safe working environment for all the family members.  He brings to his position 18 years of experience with safety and security of others.  He is enthusiastic and eager to develop processes that help ensure Richmond Baking Company’s legacy in the baking industry.

Chad currently serves as a volunteer coach for youth travel baseball and has previously volunteered for Junior Achievement, First Tee, and The Boys and Girls Club.

Sean Drayton

Sean Drayton is Richmond Baking Company’s Corporate Quality Assurance Manager. Sean joined the Richmond Baking family in September 2014, bringing with him over 20 years of Quality Assurance experience – 15 of which has been in a food safety and/or quality leadership role.  He has been involved in all aspects of quality and has developed a strong vision for the role of quality management. Sean has been responsible for overseeing company quality, plant regulatory compliance, and food safety programs for many leading companies in the food industry in both the US & Canada.



Sean will be overseeing facilities in Indiana and Georgia, implementing systems and procedures to ensure that all customers receive product that exceeds their expectations.  Although Sean is a native New Yorker, the Indiana landscape is not new to him.  He earned his Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from Purdue University.



“I am very excited to be part of the Richmond Baking family.  It’s a company that really understands the purpose of a business lies outside itself - it lies with creating and satisfying a customer.  Quality starts with people and I look forward to bringing my unique approach of engaging, empowering and energizing all family members to execute our Safe Quality Foods mission. Did I mention that I just love cookies and crackers? Well, now you know!”



Troy Walton

Troy Walton is the Director of Maintenance at Richmond Baking Company.  Troy joined the Richmond Baking Family in 2003 and oversees the facility in Richmond.  Troy completed the apprenticeship Inside Journeyman Wireman program through NJATC and possesses a certification in Telecommunications from Leviton Manufacturing Company.  He previously worked as a field superintendent for seven years and as an electrician.  He is a member of Sons of Legion and American Legion Riders of Indiana.


Marty Louden

Marty Louden is the Project Coordinator at Richmond Baking Company Richmond facility.  Marty joined the Richmond Baking Family in 2010.  Marty leads various maintenance projects such as new equipment installations and facility upkeep.  He has over 22 years experience in maintenance.

Gayle Schultz

Gayle Schultz is Richmond Baking’s Quality Assurance Supervisor.  In his role he oversees the day to day performance of the quality assurance department, ensuring that high -quality products are made to exceed the customer’s expectations, and that food safety is a priority.  He joined the Richmond Baking family in July 1998 beginning in the Sanitation Department, quickly moving into Quality Assurance, and was promoted to supervisor in 2011. 

 

Gayle is a lifelong resident of Wayne County.  He and his wife Betsy have three sons Jason, Matt, and Scott.  Gayle has previously been involved with the Cambridge City Youth League as a coach and Board President.  He also has shared his coaching expertise at Lincoln Middle School as the golf coach. 

 

Some updates/revisions:

 

Baking Excellence

Kevin Tillman- phone: 912.632.7213  email kevint@richmondbaking.com

 

Robert “Lefty” Hurd – title needs changed in the second paragraph to Assistant Vice President of Baking Excellence

 

Creating Raving Fan Customers

Andy Vaughn’s phone number should be: 912.632.7213 

 

Family Pride

Amanda Cain Goodman’s bio first sentence should be, “Amanda Cain Goodman is part of the Family Pride Team in Alma, Georgia.”

 

In my bio it should say “Richmond Baking’s” (it’s missing the apostrophe) for Indiana and Georgia.

 

I believe this is all the bio’s and pictures that you need except for Lisa Jones which she is going to have her picture taken in January.  Please let me know if you need anything else from me.  

With Bonnie Miller’s bio in the second paragraph it should be changed to, “With over 300 employees in two states.”
